src/strips/2022-03-06.md, before:

---
title: "Soapbox Sermons Presents…"
name: "220306"
filetype: png
transcript: true
---

{% include "partials/strip.html" %}

<details closed>
<summary>Transcript</summary>

## {{ title }}
*Published on {{ page.date.toDateString() }}*

### Panel One 
Piggins - [learn more about Piggins][p]: Swell! Welcome to this edition of ye ole sweet Hellbox! It is with some amount of irony that the Boxx presents to you a little dollap o’ wisdom—a ‘spin’! —if ya will—on the Golden Rule of old…

### Panel Two
Piggins: I mean… Take it as you may. But wow it really offers some tasty nuance. So let’s not bury the damn lede much longer! …It’s the ‘Reverse Golden Rule’. That’s right!—We’re reverse’n the polarity!!

### Panel Three
Piggins: Like so many plot wrap-ups, with the final commercial break dispensed with… “Whatever you don’t want done to you, do not do to another”[^1] Simple huh? It’s more applicable to the unforced notion ya see…

### Panel Four
Piggins: Say—those that stream out of your default state—aside from your unique nature—keepin’ that to tha side ‘cos damn! Are we not just a series of states?? We’re tryin’ ta keep to together, that’s all… But the default state sure is a doozy!

<!--FOOTNOTES-->
<!-- [^1]: foo "bar" -->

---
</details>

{% include "partials/nav-strips.html" %}

{% include "partials/reference-links.html" %}

Commit message:

transcript update for Soapbox Sermons Presents…

src/strips/2022-03-06.md, after:

---
title: "Soapbox Sermons Presents…"
name: "220306"
date: 2022-03-06T10:10:00
filetype: png
transcript: true
---

{% include "partials/strip.html" %}

<details closed>
<summary>Transcript</summary>

## {{ title }}
<small>*Published on {{ page.date.toDateString() }}*</small>

### Panel One 
**PIGGINS ATOP A SMALL HILL, NO BACKGROUND; WHO KNOWS, MAYBE IN A PARK**  
PIGGINS faces left, opining upon the coarboard box, that is the Hellbox—itself a stand-in for a soapbox. His white T-shirt shows the outline of a heart. A pint sits beside the box.  

**PIGGINS ([about Piggins][p]):**  
Swell! Welcome to this edition of ye ole sweet Hellbox! It is with some amount of irony that the Boxx presents to you a little dollap o’ wisdom—a ‘spin’! —if ya will—on the Golden Rule of old…

### Panel Two
PIGGINS is angrier, hand to chin, pint on the Hellbox. T-shirt shows a large letter ‘X’, as if to signify nothing.

**PIGGINS:**  
I mean… Take it as you may. But wow it really offers some tasty nuance. So let’s not bury the damn lede much longer! …It’s the ‘Reverse Golden Rule’. That’s right!—We’re reverse’n the polarity!!

### Panel Three
PIGGINS pivots the opposite direction, holding his smoke, tiping over his pint, leaning back with a smile as he finishes the spin. His left arm is full of energy as if to drive home the point. T-shirt shows the outline of an indifferent face in the smiley face-style.

**PIGGINS:**  
Like so many plot wrap-ups, with the final commercial break dispensed with… “Whatever you don’t want done to you, do not do to another”[^1] Simple huh? It’s more applicable to the unforced notion ya see…

### Panel Four
PIGGINS is back facing left. T-shirt shows a cartoon style skull. His beer is spilt on the ground to ther right, his smoke dropped and going out to the left. His hands are straight and limp by his sides.

**PIGGINS:**  
Say—those that stream out of your default state—aside from your unique nature—keepin’ that to tha side ‘cos damn! Are we not just a series of states?? We’re tryin’ ta keep to together, that’s all… But the default state sure is a doozy!

<!--FOOTNOTES-->
[^1]: Pagels, Elaine H. _Beyond Belief: The Secret Gospel of Thomas_. (London: Macmillan, 2003), 11

</details>

{% include "partials/nav-strips.html" %}

{% include "partials/reference-links.html" %}
